Update dev docs (#11513)
bokeh/bokeh: sphinx/source/docs/dev_guide.rst

for all user support questions is the `Bokeh Discourse server`_. Feel free to
answer user questions that you can help with. All interactions on Bokeh's
Discourse must follow Bokeh's `Code of Conduct`_.

.. _contributors_guide_bindings:

Contribute to language bindings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

:term:`BokehJS` accepts an object graph represented by declarative bits of JSON.
This means that any language that can generate JSON can also generate Bokeh
plots for display in a browser.

There are currently three known bindings that expose Bokeh to languages other
than Python:

* `rbokeh <bokeh_r_>`_ adds support for Bokeh to the R language. It
  was started by `@hafen <hafen_>`_.
* `bokeh.jl <bokeh_jl_>`_ brings Bokeh to Julia users. It was originally created
  by `@samuelcolvin <samuelcolvin_>`_.
* `bokeh-scala <bokeh_scala_>`_ exposes Bokeh in the Scala language. The
  project was created by the Bokeh core dev team member `@mattpap <mattpap_>`_.

The low-level object interface in Python mirrors the JSON schema exactly.
Therefore, the best, most authoritative source of information for anyone
writing bindings for Bokeh are the reference guide sections for the

> :ref:`bokeh.core.properties` and |bokeh.models|.

Reviewer: I suppose we could mention the `spec.py` script here:

https://github.com/bokeh/bokeh/blob/branch-2.4/scripts/spec.py

It will spit out a JSON description of every model and property, including type and default and helpstring, that could be used as part of automated low-level bindings creation.

If you would like to start working on a new binding or have a new binding added
to this list, please contact the Bokeh core team through `Slack`_.

.. _contributors_guide_spread_the_word:

Spread the word
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Finally, as an open source project, Bokeh relies on word-of-mouth advertising.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, as an open source project, Bokeh relies on word-of-mouth to reach new users.
```
